[WIP] Create Help Command Guide (#7982)
Rapptz/discord.py: docs/guide/topics/help_command.rst

Using :meth:`~discord.ext.commands.HelpCommand.get_destination`, we are able to send the help command message
in the channel that the command was invoked under. This method returns a :class:`~discord.abc.Messageable` object
which is the context's channel by default. We can use the :meth:`~discord.abc.Messageable.send` method 
to send the message to the appropriate channel.

The other methods: ``send_cog_help``, ``send_group_help``, ``send_command_help``, ``send_error_message``
override :meth:`~discord.ext.commands.HelpCommand.send_cog_help`, :meth:`~discord.ext.commands.HelpCommand.send_group_help`,
:meth:`~discord.ext.commands.HelpCommand.send_command_help`, and :meth:`~discord.ext.commands.HelpCommand.send_error_message`
respectively. 

- The ``send_cog_help`` method gets called when the help command is used with a valid cog in the command usage (i.e. ``!help [cog]``).

- The ``send_group_help`` method gets called when the help command is used with a valid group in the command usage(i.e. ``!help [group]``).

- The ``send_command_help`` method gets called when the help command is used with a valid command in the command usage(i.e. ``!help [command]``).

> - The ``send_error_message`` method gets called when an error occurrs during executing the code in help command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ``send_error_message`` method gets called when an error occurs while executing the code in the help command. 

```
